Since humans started travelling on the worlds oceans, we've had confrontations with the creatures that originally inhabited these waters. We discovered everything from small fish that we hunted and ate, to bigger sharks and octopuses 
that were seen as a potential threat if the humans where confronted by one in the worng circumstances. Some times these regular confrontations where exchanged by more..unexplainanalbe instances. These alleged instances were described as 
isocverign giant sea creaures that devoured most in their way. Many of these instances where spoken of in old mythology but now with our modern age footage of these ocean creatures have allegeldy been taken. The question is how many
of these instances are really true and where these so called giant monsters originate from.
Why are we afraid off the depths of the ocean? Why do we fear the unknown? That is what we will discuss today. My named is fladdman and this is: What lie sunderneath us?
Thalassopobia:
Thallasophobia can be defined as the fear of the ocean and subsequently the fear of the unknown. You might recognize this feeling of not being comfortablein vast deep oceans. Perhaps your biggest nightmare is to find your self in the so
called point nemo, The furthest place you can be from land and civilisation.
I've also had problems with being in alkes and oceans, with dark murky water surroudning me. Even though there wasn't any threaths as I was swimming in a lake, the fear would still be active and i would find myself almost panic off the
thought of being swallowed by the sea. But so why did i feel like that? Why woudl i fear something that wasn' a real threath? Well our fear of the unknown and the ocean seems to have some sort of evolutioanry context, meaning that the 
fear of the ocean was a evolutionary trait so that we would be more cautios and carefull and certainly not risk any confrontation with unknown creatures. This fear of the unknown therefore affected our view on the water. Large marine 
creatures aswell as the fact that humans we're generally pretty bad swimmers back in the days certainly lead 
to us being precautious with the ocean. This fear and unability to often swim in the large bodies of unending water certainly lead to stories of the depths. So called mythological stories.
Mythological stories: 
In the old times information about hypotehtical threaths, like the threaths from giant seamonsters, were passed by stories. Often the stories where about godlike creatures oir heroes to signal that the threat and danger was so vast that 
even the gods feared or saw it as a problem. Some of these stories were about big sea monsters like the greek myhtological story of cetus, a sea monster that reembled a serpentine fish. In one stories, cetus had been commanded by poseidon
to devour the godess andromeda. Andromeda was chained to a rock to be devoured by the big sea creature but the greek hero perseus decided to save her and slayed the beast by drivng his sword into its back. Stories of monsters and  
heroes often went hand in hand with a societys religion and thus the stories where often looked upon as truth. And so if only the gods or heroes could slay the beasts from the depths then maybe the normal human shouldn't attempt it.
But ofcourse greek mythology is not the only ones who had sea monsters in their stories. Old norse mythologies spoke about a sea creature called näcken that would roam around in streams and lakes. Näcken was a known beast for being an
embodiement of all the dangers of water. Näcken was also desribed in many different ways, some peopel saw him as a young naked man sitting with a violin to attract people. Others painted näcken as a big sea monster that would hide in 
the water to then jump out and pull its prey tot he bottom. Näcken was obviously a way to scare others for behaving uncautiously around water. It taught the Nordic peoples to respect the water and dereby respect näcken and the dangers 
of the seas.
Modern Stories:
With the invention of the camera, stories of the depths took another turn as stories could be backed up with evidence. I put evidence in brackets as people quickly figured out how you could manipulate photos and therefore hopefully
manipulate peoples world view. One of the most famous cases of modern sea creatures was the loch ness monster, an old story from the 1870's were an alleged sea monster roamed the lake of loch ness in scotland. The loch ness was 
described as a large long necked animal with so called humps protruding the water. The first picture of the alleged monster was taken in 1934 and got world wide recognition before it was later proved to be a hoax. But still, the fact 
that this photo reached world wide attention strengtend the old idea of big unknown sea monsters. When the internet started devoleop in the lat 1900's and programs like photoshop started rolling around, several pictures of so called
mysterious creatures started surfacing the web. Ofcourse pictures where easy to dispute but videos were definetely harder. Some of these video are definetely uncanny and creepy but most could be explained as faked or a rare
already known sea creature: But there have been some instances of actual new sea creatures being discovered and although these are often not the kind of giant sea monsters that you would iamgine. One of the more interesting videos that
you've probably heard of is the alleged megalodon siting. this video started to pop up on yotuube in 2016 and showed a unusally big shark. Some say that this shark was about 60 feet long or aproxiately 18 meters which is just about 
the historical size of a real megalodon. ofcourse this information is hard to determine and the video had always been dismissed as just an unusually large shark. Not a megalodon but still a very frightening find that still proves 
that some creatures can defientely get bigger than we could ever imagined.
Conclusion:  
The fear of water, just as most of our irrational fears, are basic isntincts that we have devloped to protect ourselves. And as much as i think that these isnitncts have grown out of fashion at this point, i still think it changes some of
us perception of the world. We are afraid of new things, and therefore being isolated by a vast ocean isn't the most comforting idea. Before we only had scary stories to visualise our fear but now with the intenret and cameras, i feel
like we are given an even more horrifying image. I defientely think that videos on the internet changed my perception of the ocean as a young boy. Ofcourse i should know better than fear water but its just that tiny feeling, 
That maybe if i swim out far enough, i'll notice that im not alone. But in this obsession and phobia for the ocean and its inahbitants, some seem to forget how beutiful the ocean really is and how many wonderful things that we have observed
as much as we have creepy stories of the ocean we also have fantiastic and wonderful stories, videos of coral reefs, videos of big giant whales singing. In som ways the ocean feels like the only part of the planet that we haven't fully 
conquered, where animals still seem to be atleast a tiny bit in control of their environment. And for all i know, thats pretty fantastic.
They say that roughly 80 percent of our oceans are fully unmapped and unexplored and untill that number hits zero, theres still a little chance that the monsters in our imagination are just waiting for soemone to swim far enough or 
endulge far enough in the depths of the ocean. Perhaps the threath from underneath is as terrifying as we imagine. Maybe we will one day make a finding, that we wished we never found. And untill then, i will continue to fear the vast
depths of unknown but also enjoy the beauty that hides beneth it.
Thank you for watchníng, DO you ahve thallssophobia or any particualr creepy instance with the ocean. You can wirte anything on you mind in the comments below. My name is falddman and this was the threath from underneath-stories of thallasophobia
Have a good day!
Are you sure. I’ve heard alot off weird stuff about this guy!
No, this guy is nice. He’s funny but he can be a
bit...unpredictable!
Ok, give me this guy’s number then
will do
No, you’re supposed to look into the camera!
Hi everyone, welcome to CarlXX2’s super special technique show!
Carl, we can’t call it that. People won’t remember “CarlsXX2’s super
special technique show”. We’ll just call it Carl’s technique show
Ok, wecome tu Cirls tachnic shuow
Ok, you can at least use your weird name

Welcome to CarlXX2 show. Today we’ll be reweaving technique and
electronics. We’ll start with the graphics card 5000 px 24 megabyte….
trade mark!
that’s a PCB..
 This graphics card is the best you’ll ever find on the market. It has
a 2000 nano memory and you can play any game on it. Even Roblox! But
first before I show you how it plays on a computer, I’m going to show
you all the parts, for all the nerds at home
these two cables are dumb, and we don’t need those. They we’ll change
the way Roblox will operate to the worse, so we’ll just take them away
Umm, you did hear that sound, didn’t you? I don’t think this is such a
good idea!
This will work, jusat watch. So, to insert this into your computer you
kneed to grab the cables hear…
Ok, so i lost the graphics card b-but I have o-oth-her things the show
you
This is one off the more advanced electronics that I found, deep
inside of the amazon rainforest!

We’ll I thought you said that you found it in a bin?

I will try to open this one up to show you all the SWEET technique
stuff!
Nothing works It’s just a big mess! I’m a mess!
Lurre, give me the hammer!
We should do something
Carl, I’ve fetched you something!
What!?
Look!
We will take a short break so in the mean time you can watch these
ads!
Huh, finally this bad program is over. I wonder which ads wants to be
on this channel
Why is he on every channel!
I don’t want to see this idiot!
Did you call me an idiot
Anyway, let’s start this whole thing again, shall we!?
We will be playing Roblox know, survival games and if I win, I will
personally show you the insides off a Samsung-something- X5.
And if you lose?
Are you sure. I’ve heard alot off weird stuff about this guy!
 Ok, give me this guy’s number then
will do
 No, you’re supposed to look into the camera!
Hi everyone, welcome to CarlXX2’s super special technique show!
. We’ll just call it Carl’s technique show
Ok, wecome tu Cirls tachnic shuow
 Ok, you can at least use your weird name
that’s a PCB..
 Ok, if Lurre can win then I’ll win with an 100% chance!
What if Lurre is better then you?
Flynn why did you give me this guys contacts
No stop Carl don’t..!
Hel...skotta
 A job can really change you
 The one thing u stood for, cared for…takes over your life
The product..
 The product became the only thing that mattered for me
 I have done things...things that no man, no Russian should ever do
 I did things. Things I didn’t think I could ever do
 My hatred. and the anger within me is almost frightening
 I’m afraid of what I’ve become and what I will do
Get some sleep and you’ll probably feel better about it
Fladdman
 Hey
 Whoever did this won’t get away with it!
 I got a job opportunity from a Russian dude
Dimitri
What!?
 Of course it’s about Mr. Kenny!
 What about ti frågar Vladimir
 What I did...what we did…to one of our ones.
 I want all of our employees collected for a meeting in 1 hour!
Don’t worry about it
The name’s Grigory
 Is it recording?
 Yes
 shouldn’t you talk about your car?
 But if it’s a plastic weapon then…it can’t be real?
 Ok take it easy!
 Ok but so yeah I have my keys…my wallet…and yeah
Welcome
 Today I’m showing you how to survive in the forest
 There is no seafront
This rock will be fine
This is a forest ...there are no outlets
 No, please. Please don’t go!
What is animals?
 So what did you find?
 I don’t know but its awesome
Waoh, take it easy
Oh well
 don’t be like fladdman, don’t be a dick
the russian monster
 Depressive thoughts can drive one to the brink of collapse
 You don’t want to choose a wrong path Dimitri
 What is it that drive you to these obscure thoughts of self-harm?
 Have someone sent you after me? Is it the Fladdman?
 I do not serve any sort of person
 Touch me and I’ll kill you!